On April 20, 2017, the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation criminalized the activity
of Jehovah's Witnesses. As of July 4, 2019, authorities have progressively seized 131
of the properties owned by Jehovah's Witnesses, with an additional 60 properties subject
to confiscation. One of the seized properties was the former Russia branch complex in
the Solarish Neuer. At the time of filming, the Russian authorities continued their
aggressive attack on Jehovah's Witnesses. As of August 17, 2020, there were 42 witnesses
who were in pre-trial detention or sentenced to prison people, 32 who were under house arrest,
and 169 who were not allowed to leave their home town. All have been charged with organising,
participating in or financing the activity of so-called extremist organisation. At least
380 witnesses were at the time under investigation, ranging in age from 19 to 89 years old.
What is this meant for the individuals affected? As an example, on June 3, 2018, whether
Sergei Klimov was arrested, local authorities initiated criminal charges against him, placing
him in pre-trial detention for two months. This detention was extended seven times, separating
him from his wife and family for a year and five months before he was finally tried and
sentenced. On November 5, 2019, he was sentenced to six years in prison. Two of our dear young
people in Russia, brother Yegor Baranov and sister Daria Dolovar, are courageously facing
criminal conviction and potential long-term imprisonment. Brother Baranov is only 19 years
old. When the authorities raided her home, sister Dolovar was only 18 years old. By means
of the newsroom on JWWorg, we're informed of updated news events. This page includes
links to name lists of witnesses currently in prison for their faith, which can help us
include them specifically in our prayers. Our brothers and sisters in Russia are resolved
to remain loyal to Jehovah, despite any opposition, and they put their confidence in him
in the assurance that Jehovah is on their side.